Titanic survival prediction
In this part we will attempt to predict who survived on the Titanic.

The data set we use has the following vairbales (features/attributes):
Variable	Definition	Key/Values
PassengerId	Index	integer
Pclass	Ticket class	1=1st, 2=2nd, 3=3rd
Name	Name of passenger	string
Sex	Sex	male, female
Age	Age in years	integer
SibSp	# of siblings/spouses aboard	integer
Parch	# of parents/children aboard	integer
Ticket	Ticket number	string
Fare	Ticket fare	float
Cabin	Cabin number	a code
Embarked	Port of Embarkation	C=Cherbourg, Q=Queenstown, S=Southampton
Survived	Predicted varibale	0=No, 1=Yes

Goal:

This part of the project is a competetive one. The goal is to produce the best prediciton you can


Methodogology

So far you only know two methods for prediction: KNN and linear regression.
However, this does not mean that there are only two possible prediction sets from which you can choose.
Instead, there are various possibilities for you to consider.
For example: if you use KNN, you will need to choose a good K value and choose a distance metric.
In both cases (KNN and linear regression), you may want to choose which features to use
(it could be that some features are not useful).
Further, some features have missing values.
You will need to decide how to handle this
(for instance: drop rows with missing values, place an avergae value in those rows,
or some other method of your choosing).
Another matter to consider is handling non-numeric values.
For example, sex is non-numeric.
You may choose to drop non-numeric features, or you could convert them to numeric values
(if such conversion makes sense).
Also you will need to consider splitting the data into a training set and a test set so as to avoid tailoring
 the solution (overfitting) to the data you have


Model Output

Your model needs to produce a prediciton for each data sample (row), which is 0 (did not survive) or 1 (survived).
If you use linear regression your model's output is a real number.
In such a case you will need to convert that into 0s and 1s.


Scoring your model

Your model performance will be assessed on test data that is not available to you.
As mentioned above, this part of the project is a competition, where the goal is to achieve highest model accuracy


Final Note

This part of the project is open ended, in that you are not given small and specific tasks.
However, you are already familiar with all the componenets needed to succeed.
Specifically, reading data into pandas dataframe, dropping columns, dropping rows, changing value of features,
 splitting data into train and test subsets,
 performing KNN and linear regression using sklearn library, and using cross validation.
So don't panic...
